Add patch release contribution docs to CONTRIBUTING.md. (#39357)
JuliaLang/julia: CONTRIBUTING.md

on the command line (since tests aren't always designed to be run outside the
runtest harness).

### Contributing to patch releases

The process of creating a patch release is roughly as follows:

1. Create a new branch (e.g. `backports-release-1.5`) against the relevant minor release
   branch (e.g. `release-1.5`). Usually a corresponding pull request is created as well.

2. Add commits, nominally from `master` (hence "backports"), to that branch.
   See below for more information on this process.

3. Run the [BaseBenchmarks.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCI/BaseBenchmarks.jl) benchmark
   suite and [PkgEval.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCI/PkgEval.jl) package ecosystem
   exerciser against that branch. Nominally BaseBenchmarks.jl and PkgEval.jl are

>    invoked via [NanoSolider.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCI/Nanosoldier.jl) from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   invoked via [Nanosoldier.jl](https://github.com/JuliaCI/Nanosoldier.jl) from
```

   the pull request associated with the backports branch. Fix any issues.

4. Once all test and benchmark reports look good, merge the backports branch into
   the corresponding release branch (e.g. merge `backports-release-1.5` into
   `release-1.5`).

5. Open a pull request that bumps the version of the relevant minor release to the
   next patch version, e.g. as in [this pull request](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/pull/37718).

> 6. Ping Alex Arslan to tag the patch release and update the website.

Author: I'm not sure whether this snippet should identify Alex specifically, or some group instead that distills to Alex? 😄

Author: New concept: "Generalized Alex."

Reviewer 2: We could define a `@release-manager` group on Github, that contains Alex. Ever problem can be solved through introducing a level of abstraction

Reviewer 3: > We could define a `@release-manager` group on Github, that contains Alex.

We already have the @JuliaLang/releases team, which contains Alex. Is that sufficient for this purpose?

> 6. Ping Alex Arslan to tag the patch release and update the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Ping `@JuliaLang/releases` to tag the patch release and update the website.
```
